
** as there is no specification it is hard to find any bugs, although as a end user I would suggest a few things for improvements. 

Bugs: No Bugs can be found due to lack of specification. 

Improvements and sugestions: 

1) Confirmation Message 

	When I am on http://qaworks.com and naviagte to the Contact page via the navigation menu

	It would be nicer to tell the user the message is sent. 
	Although absence of input field error messages indicate that but not noticable by the end user. 


2) 	Contact page: Message Box sizing on TAB 

	When I tab through the Email field on to the Message TextArea, the box shrinks in size

	Also when I tab through from Email field I do not reach the Message text area. There is an empty tab frame selected. 
	Ideally this indicates the user the TAB is not working and has to click the mouse in the Message Box. 
	For the convinience of the user the next TAB after Email field should be the Message Box. 


3)	Contact page: Name filed fieldset could be more specific like First Name / Forename OR 	  Surname/ Last Name. 

4)	Contact page: Name fields do not have definite boundries for the number of chracters or inputs it can take. 

5) 	Contact page: Name field should not take numbers or some special characters. 

6)	Contact page: Message fields do not have definite boundries for the number of chracters or inputs it can take.

7) 	Contact page: Email field shows a validation error message for a few seconds evene when a valid elail address is used. This is not a consistent problem and hard to reproduce. 

8) 	Contact page: When we move to the map area it is hard to scroll up or down as this zooms in and zooms out the map , This also covers the entire scrollable area amking it hard to access the rest of the page functionality. 
	The user is formced to use the keyboard to acess the rest of the page. Usability issues here. 

9) 	Contact page: The user could be shown a time frame in which he might expect a reply back. 

10) Contact page: There could be a confirmation email sent to the user when a succesful message is snet and recieved by QA Works team. 


